Good, today we go.
Show
for you
What do we call scale
the scale is an exercise many already had but you do without is essential
the good development
of the technique
not worse
the first I learned the first to be studied pain scale
she is
a succession
of dead
natural
on the right hand
start with scale
pity with
we pass the finger or underneath
like this other of the 3 4 5
tarhouni
normal declaration
the moment
neymar
O
step 3 over
no it's not fear bucaramanga the palau gama
by regions and systems with the first of five years with the city of the river
the left
step 3 over
sparing
make a world underneath
determines a limit such a little evaluated is an honor toulalan lauro is
an honor
per hour
This is an exercise that I propose to you.
prawns back there
playing is an expensive honor and rare good idea
no santander drafts
for now interspersed
the italian
love
tenth
without overnight stay there is another
joy
for yourself
the assistant said in the octaves
but some of the free signatures
but for now I suggest this
to move on
with a study of the scale
it's needed
a theoretical basis what we call tonality
later I'll make available the material in pdf irineu pasold to you
for an hour we stay
with that of the brasuca scale later